# Portfolio 
This is a collection of "hobby "projects" currently, or recently in development. 

## VoterDatabase
This is not actually a database but is a C++ version of a Python program developed as a project for Cloud Computing graduate class. The purpose is to create many disk accesses of varying block sizes 
to evaluate the performance on various types of Amazon Web Service instances. This C++ version was developed to compare the performance of C++ vs Python on Windows Subsystem for Linux. 

The program functions as follows.  A collection (1.2 million) voter registration records are read and saved on disk in random order in blocks on disk. A dictionary is constructed with the key being the voter ID and location of the record.
specified by the block number and offset in the block. Then 200,000 voter ID records, in random order, are read and the associated registration record is retrieved. 

The program this functions in two modes. The first is to read the data from a .csv file and construct the dictionary and the stored records. These are saved to disk.  The second mode is to load this dictionary in memory then read the list of voter IDs and retrieve the associated records. This second mode is selected by the single command line argument "-r".

## ScanWordFiles
This C# console program was developed to search all the .docx files in a directory for a particular string of text. Since word files are not stored in ASCII, the Windows/DOS "find" command will not adequately search the contents of .docx files. This program uses **Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Document** to open each document in the specified folder and read the contents.  The program searches only one folder and does not go into subdirectories. 
The following files shold be placed in a dirctory in the *path*: scanwordfiles.dll, scanworrdfiles.exe, scanwordfiles.runtimeconfig.json


Usage is as follows. 
> scanwordfiles *string to find* *path* -nc -nv

Where *string to find* may not contain spaces 

*path* is the fully qualified folder name

-nc means No Case (case sensitive is the default)

-nv means not verbose The default is verbose which lists the number of paragraphs in the document and the paragraph number where the text is found

## Findanddelete
The program findanddelete.py was written to help clean up a directory with a large number of subdirectories for Visual Studio projects (mix of C#, C++, and Python).

The following file types are deleted *.log, .obj, .tlog, .exe*.  When the -f (force) command line option is used *.json* and *.dll* files are deleted also.
Files that are not deleted are printed to the screen with the message "Check this one:" for manual deletion
Usage
> python findtodelete.py *path* -f -h
>
where -f is force - the program prints "conservative is False" and deletes .

and -h is help (prints usage message but there is no execution 

-n or -nd causes the program to not delete anything. Filds that normall would be delete are flaged with "not deleting: 
### Note
The program recurses through dubdirectories excetp for the directory *.vs* which is generated by visual studio.  This is marked for manual deletion


## dmpf
This is a C program written a long time ago.  It reads a file, specified as the only command line argument, as binary. and prints it out in dump format. 
That is hex codes for every two bytyes then if those codes can be represented by ASCII the text is shown. So that the command:

> dmpf towork.bat

on the file towork.bat having the contents
> cd \projects\AAApython
>
> cd Flask1
> 
> dir

will give: 
> 000000   6364 205C 7072 6F6A 6563 7473 5C41 4141 7079 7468 6F6E 0D0A 6364 2046        cd \projects\AAApython..cd F
> 
> 00001C   6C61 736B 310D 0A64 6972 79                                                  lask1..diry


### Some Github notes
'''…or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# Portfolio" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/glenntu15/Portfolio.git
git push -u origin main
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/glenntu15/Portfolio.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
…or import code from another repository
You can initialize this repository with code from a Subversion, Mercurial, or TFS project.
'''
